Add more docs for summarizing technologies. (#8236)
google/iree: docs/website/docs/technologies/tosa.md

# Tensor Operator Set Architecture

[TOSA](https://developer.mlplatform.org/w/tosa/) defines a set of common
tensor operations to most machine learning
frameworks. TOSA's design has been focused provide a simple intermediate
representation for ingesting models from a variety of sources while
guaranteeing the representation can support generating efficient

> execution on CPUs, GPUs, and custom accelerators. These operations

Reviewer: long sentence and grammar errors ("has been focused provide")

Author: Done.

support both floating point and fixed-point (quantized) operations.

> IREE uses TOSA as a prioritzed ingestion dialect, transforming multiple
> ML-platform ingestiong formats into a TOSA compatible set of operations.

Reviewer: a few typos in here

```suggestion
IREE uses TOSA as a prioritized ingestion dialect, transforming multiple
ML-platform ingestion formats into a TOSA compatible set of operations.
```
